# DATA_FOR_JUSTICE
FULL STORY:
Greetings my age and my name do not matter, though I have an interesting story to share. After finishing studies on the University I did not get a job or an internship so I became an apprentice from ground up again. After some time in my new school I randomly met a new girl in the bus....we exchanged phone numbers and instagram. Well in our first date I was against sharing stories on instagram or other media because everyone there are desperate...even women. We were both adults at that time and still are and we were on and off...we were both working. We had exceptionally good time under blankets until she started her own THING. She was "joining group chats" but her disable EX(IS INDEED DISABLE HE WAS IN A CONCRETE SCHOOL IN HIS ADOLESCENCE)...and they started swearing to one another. Me and some of her friends started to tell her to stop. That did not work as intended because did I mention that she is a narcissist, asberger autistic jew. I realized from the beginning and we had build such a beautiful relationship...personally I did not care if she was a jew. But she was the easiest person to be manipulated she was also two years younger than me but that ain't matter either. We reached a point that she betrayed me and we hate one another. I performed a Mitm and I can publish much info about her if I want to but that's not the case. She has been all around the net lately because her disable EX has sent everywhere her nudes. It's a little ridiculous but I really enjoy the KARMA...THE BEST PART...THE MEMES ON DISCORD. I have penetrated their discord servers and her tik tok unseen and have listened to all of their conversations...that's another fact that I told her from the beginning...never try to mess with me. I would never edit a nude girl or even send her on public group chats but whatever...I just love how we ended up....however I wasn't the one who manipulated her. Before me she was wounded too....divorced parents.....raped......mentally abused and also manipulated by her female "friends". I tried a lot but she was too mental and also too crazy.

In the end it doesn't even matter because she thinks she will always be one step ahead but I mentioned too many times...you are WRONG. I explained what her "friends" were trying too many times to pull off. Instead her mental problems actually clouded her mind so after betraying me and knowing even more about her past due to my abilities to find whatever I want to...well she does not deserve anything at all because she is exactly just that...an empty corpse.
